demo: lvgl: Add functionality to draw touch events on the screen (#67083)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/subsys/display/lvgl/README.rst

      If your board has a touch panel controller
      (:dtcompatible:`zephyr,lvgl-pointer-input`), a button widget is displayed
      in the center of the screen. Otherwise a label widget is displayed.
      The demo also features drawing functionality, which needs to be enabled

>       via menuconfig (`SAMPLE_LVGL_TOUCH_DRAWING`). When enabled, received touch

Author: fixed in https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/commit/b371395dae3ffc7611c938516bb2840399fd54d4

      input will be drawn onto the surface of the screen. By clicking the button

>       widget at the centor of the screen, the screen will be cleared again. This

Author: fixed in https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/commit/b371395dae3ffc7611c938516bb2840399fd54d4

      If your board has a touch panel controller
      (:dtcompatible:`zephyr,lvgl-pointer-input`), a button widget is displayed
      in the center of the screen. Otherwise a label widget is displayed.

      The demo also features drawing functionality, which can to be enabled

>       via menuconfig (``SAMPLE_LVGL_TOUCH_DRAWING``). When enabled, received touch

Reviewer: @kartben I don't know it by heart but I think there is a way to link to the kconfig symbol `CONFIG_` instead?

Reviewer 2: There is (``:kconfig:option:`...` ``, but it doesn't make sense in the context of a sample-specifc Kconfig since the option does not appear in the documentation hence does not make sense linking to.
Good question though, and I have to admit I too did a double-take initially and almost suggested to add a link myself :)

or a board with an integrated display:

> - :ref:`esp_wrover_kit` and :ref:`m5stack_core2`

Author: esp_wrover_kit, at least in the version referenced here, actually features a display (https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/boards/xtensa/esp_wrover_kit/doc/index.html)

But you are absolutely right. I corrected the description in https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/commit/b371395dae3ffc7611c938516bb2840399fd54d4

- :ref:`mimxrt1060_evk`
- `RK043FN02H-CT`_

Memory requirements
===================

> The sample applications requires a LVGL memory pool of at least 32kBytes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sample application requires an LVGL memory pool of at least 32 kBytes.
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/commit/800ff3dbbc54d3249f04a3522125877da76cbb6f#diff-a5534d3472f36eaab1e54778a5e0a130d17d06c6a4b83ca008da78a328e0f877
